README.md, before:

# Free Code Camp - Basic project #2 - Build a Personal Portfolio Page

Build a personal portfolio webpage functionally similar to:  https://codepen.io/FreeCodeCamp/full/YqLyXB

## User Stories - must fulfuill the following:

1. I can access all of the portfolio webpage's content just by scrolling.
2. I can click different buttons that will take me to the portfolio creator's different social media pages.
3.  I can see thumbnail images of different projects the portfolio creator has built (if you haven't built any websites before, use placeholders.)
4.  I navigate to different sections of the webpage by clicking buttons in the navigation.

## Built With

* html
* css
* bootstrap

## Authors

* **Todd Smitala** - *Initial work* - [xfroggy](https://github.com/xfroggy)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* "History calls those men the greatest who have ennobled themselves by working for the common good; experience acclaims as happiest the man who has made the greatest number of people happy" - Karl Marx, Reflections of a Young Man 1835

Commit message:

working example link  added to readme

README.md, after:

# Free Code Camp - Basic project #2 - Build a Personal Portfolio Page

Build a personal portfolio webpage functionally similar to:  https://codepen.io/FreeCodeCamp/full/YqLyXB

## User Stories - must fulfuill the following:

1. I can access all of the portfolio webpage's content just by scrolling.
2. I can click different buttons that will take me to the portfolio creator's different social media pages.
3.  I can see thumbnail images of different projects the portfolio creator has built (if you haven't built any websites before, use placeholders.)
4.  I navigate to different sections of the webpage by clicking buttons in the navigation.

## Deployment

Click to view working version on codepen:  https://codepen.io/xfroggy/full/Vmzpdw/

## Built With

* html
* css
* bootstrap

## Authors

* **Todd Smitala** - *Initial work* - [xfroggy](https://github.com/xfroggy)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* "History calls those men the greatest who have ennobled themselves by working for the common good; experience acclaims as happiest the man who has made the greatest number of people happy" - Karl Marx, Reflections of a Young Man 1835
